---
script_title: The Gas Chamber
title_text: More like the Ass Chamber!
---


           INT. GAS CHAMBER - NIGHT

           Several guards are standing in front of a gas chamber, a
           prisoner is strapped to a chair inside. There is a small
           audience present. The WARDEN steps up to the intercom.

                                   WARDEN
                      Do you have any last words son?

           An old couple look on expectantly, with a mixture of anger and
           resignation. Silence from the prisoner.

                                   WARDEN
                      Very well.

           The warden looks at a nearby clock pensively, the room is
           filled with tension as the clock strikes midnight.

                                   WARDEN
                      Okay boys, let's do this.

           The warden and 2 other guards begin unbuckling their belts.
           They remove a small velvet curtain from the gas chamber wall
           which exposes 3 bum-shaped air vents. Each vent has a rubber
           rim to ensure an airtight seal.

                                   WARDEN
                      May god have mercy on your soul...

           The three guards insert themselves into the vents and start
           farting. Loudly. The restrained prisoner begins thrashing
           violently in his seat. He is shouting something which cannot
           be heard over the thunder of the farting. The old couple grip
           each other closer, continuing to look on stoically as massive
           farts continue to rip through the air. Eventually the prisoner
           slouches in his chair, only a handful of squeaks continuing to
           be emitted. Suddenly, the phone on the wall begins ringing,
           the warden hastily pulls up his briefs and answers.

                                   WARDEN
                      What's that your honour? Exculpatory
                      evidence? Throwing the case out?
                      Innocent? But we...

           The warden looks horrified, the old couple are in shock, the
           bashful guards are now raising their trousers.

                                   VOICE-OVER
                      This is the tragic tale of Benjamin
                      DuBois, the last ever American
                      sentenced to death by Dutch oven.
